group 1 day 2: Need better transitions.
The progress made was impressive
time went over

group 2:
Good presentation, a little bit low energy

group 3:
great depth on the project. What you are able to accomplish with machine learning is insanly cool

tourism: Good transitions. Work seems good. 

Outline:
The outline for today's presentation is as follows.

First we will be going over a quick recap of what are project is and what we previously accomplished

Then we will go into the new project updates
After that we will be going over the updated timeline followed by the acknowlegments

Recap:
If you all remember correctly, our project used to be about women in climate change, 
but the data for that project got corrupted.]

Our new project is about lyme disease and the goal of the project is to gather, plot, and analyzie the data to draw
conclusions to maybe help understand how to reduce the number of cases

Like we went over last presentation, this is important because it has affected tons of people and it
gives people many averse health affects, like fever, fatigue and eve cerebral paulsy

At the time of last presentation, we had met with our client, set the team goals and started gathering data


Plots:
The next step in the project was to make plots. You might notice that there are no plots on the page.
There was not enough room for them on this slide, so I put them on a seperate one.

All the plots we have made are done using R with the libraries ggplot2 and usmap. We decided to use usmap,
because it allows us to make maps good looking without having to do much work. We used ggplot 2 when we needed
a bit more cutomizability. ggplot was also used for the non-map plots.

The reason why we are doing this is because it visualizes the data. Which not only helps us find the relevnt variables,
it also makes the data more palatable for everyone else. Once we have found some variables that could be related to lyme
disease, we do more in depth plots on those variables. We then repeat this proccess until we feel we've gotten all we cna out of the data
There is still some work to be done with this, but we're very close.

Examples:
Here are some example plots. The plot on the left is lyme disease cases. 
The plot on the top right is the human development index for each state. This plot was made using usmap. 
You can see that there does not seem like there could be a slight correlation between a high hdi and lyme disease,
but this probably because areas with high hdi have cities.

The plot in the bottom right is data on a few speices of rat. This was made using ggplot.
As you can see, there does not appear to be much of a correlation. 